docs: updates to foundational content pages (#3872)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/foundations/content/index.mdx

<content>

> ### [Content checklist](/foundations/content/content-checklist)

Reviewer: All these sections should use H2s to follow the heading hierarchy order. If you feel like the size of H2s is overkill for these sections, you can use the Heading component. E.g.,:

```
<Heading as="h2" variant="heading30">
  <Anchor href="/foundations/content/content-checklist">
    Content checklist
  </Anchor>
</Heading>
```

And add the Heading component import to the top of each page:

`import {Heading} from '@twilio-paste/core/heading';`

- Feel confident in knowing when your content is "done" or "good"

## [Voice and tone](/foundations/content/voice-and-tone)

- Understand voice and tone and their role in communicating.
- Identify and use the Twilio voice consistently.
- Use tone to shape the user experience.
- Find the appropriate tone and approach.

## [Product style guide](/foundations/content/product-style-guide)

- Understand our core content principles and "how we should write."
- Get style guidance for punctuation, formatting, and usage.

## [Word list](/foundations/content/word-list)

- Learn which words and terminology we use in our product, and which we don’t.

<Callout variant="neutral" marginY="space70">
  <CalloutHeading as="h3">Got feedback?</CalloutHeading>
  <CalloutText>

>     Post to the [Paste Github discussions](https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/discussions) with any usability feedback, edge cases or exceptions, additional examples, or questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Post to <Anchor href="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/discussions">Paste Github discussions</Anchor>{" "} with any usability feedback, edge cases or exceptions, additional examples, or questions.
```
